If a woman has ever fought, broken down by the emplaced and individual files of the
persons that are named in the report, I, if the report is met nature, I think that might
shed a little light on me.
I get your total maths, but give it a pyramid for a brother.
Well, if your friend and his brother are not disappeared, it would be the ex-surfing
of information in regards to one of the thirty-fourth.
The name they have been named the group and then doubt it's known.
They were at the admissible.
No, this is the general letter, the general covering letter, complaining of the rather
stunning fourth of the situation, and it does not excerpt the information about anyone
individual, except there is mention of Mr. Coleman and certain members of the Rosenberg
firing and the connections between people at the strike that have been violating the
Thursday.
Senator McCartney, do you?
New York farmers can inform you as to whether that report had been given to any other
persons, other than people within the Pentagon, who I was sent within the DQ section or the
air force.
I think it's a mention the air force had a copy of the fifteen-page report.
You know whether any other persons have received a copy of this report.
Well, again, keep in mind I can't recite it.
He is the language verbatim, but he was very positive about the fact that this information
was well known to all of those responsible for the condition which was existence, and
he mentioned not only this letter, but the others that I have enumerated, all memorandum
or letter, report from what you may, from the FBI, all dealing with potential sabotage,
espionage, the contacts between individuals there with the Old Rosenberg firing and the
very, very bad security situation.
That's that report, mon.
I believe this is restricted almost exclusively to Fort Mon, North and South.
It's in other areas, but large of the report mon.
You, and you're not ready.
No one else has that report other than yourself, the army personnel who have a right, that
it's too much to have it in the air force, but they are in the FBI.
As far as I know, let me say a number one, Mr. Hunter.
I don't know how circulation got in the army if they were on their tolls, reckon there
was a copy in the file of each of the 34.
Beyond that, I wouldn't know who had the copy except myself.
The Sumters all should have a copy.
It's available, and I think they, as it's not for how they shouldn't be ready to get
the deals with espionage, sabotage, no reason why the Sumters should be north and the
north.
You have your files that had the bone copies.
I think there's only one copy in the file, yeah.
I mean, that's the copy.
That's all, Mr. Hunter.
I have a card on your evidence, I have a text.
I'm just finding it.
Hunter, I have two questions.
First, did you discuss this article or letter with the Mr. Hoover, the FBI before you
offered it for evidence?
No, I did not.
I often come into the question of misindustigation and going through various departments of reports
with apparently written in the FBI.
I will never put Mr. Hoover in the position.
Obviously, they're saying yes or no, although I said, they make use of this material.
I don't think you want to be put in my position.
I have never discussed with them.
To make it clear, I know it's an obvious question, but we use a question that I haven't
read.
I have never discussed with Mr. Hoover any report that appeared originally from the FBI.
I use one on judgment.
One of the most important to be used, I use it.
Now, the next question, am I correct that you got this around April 1953?
What is the April May or June of last spring?
I know about a year ago.
Now, in this at least twice a day, you've mentioned this as a Truman Directive.
Don't you think that if what you call a Truman Directive is in the opinion of misindustations
and fit it wrong, but by now they've had enough time to change it?
I'm just as unhappy with that directive since we have the new administration as we have
the old.
I sincerely hope that that directive is the same.
I frankly can see no reason.
Senator, why a committee of senators representing the people should not have information about
cumulators and sabotage estimates, the same way as we can information about robbery,
cook, grass, grass.
So if your question is, do I like to directive any more since President Eisenhower's in
office?
The answer is no.
I thought it was wrong then.
I still think it's wrong.
The only encouraging thing is that we can get a more liberal interpretation of this
when you get more information.
I do think the order should be repealed.
Oh, question.
They'll give you more of them.
I was wondering.
It's OK.
I was.
I think that there was none brought the bad guest in O'Anne's just that I'll go along with
the chair.
Well, I haven't had.
I got the impression that maybe you won a little campaign material.
I think you're very keen enough that it is.
Thank you.
You OK?
Mr. Well.
Mr. McKinsey.
Uh, may the, uh, yes, Mr. Well, I think it's been in the car.
I think it is a committee witness that one called by himself.
So I'll call on you first.
I think it's hiding.
The chair is momentarily uncertain whether you should receive Mr. Kohn, Mr. Paul, and
I think I'm correct.
You go ahead.
The committee witness, you would not call me the by you or by yourself.
Mr. McKinsey.
When you took the stand, you of course understood you were going to be asked about this letter.
I assume that it is a bit of a subject.
And you, of course, understood you were going to be asked to start from what you got.
I never tried to, I just did you understand you would be asked to start?
No, I meant to let.
I never tried to read the minds of the hunters, not they last week.
Well, doesn't you understand from Mr. Jenkins' attitude that he intended to ask you from whom you got the letter?
I don't know what Mr. Jenkins' attitude could indicate.
Could I have the oath that you took red to a trolley by the reporter?
Mr. Woh, that doesn't seem to be an appropriate question.
You were present.
We took the oath to yourself.
We took the same oath to you.
The oath included a promise, a solemn promise by you to tell the truth, comma, the whole truth, comma.
And nothing but the truth.
Is that correct, sir?
Mr. Woh, you're not the first individual to try to get me to betray the confidence and give out the names of my informants.
You will be no more successful than those of tried in the past.
Period.
I am only asking you, sir.
Did you realize when you took that oath that you were making a solemn promise to tell the whole truth to this committee?
I understand the oath was to tell.
And when you took it, did you have some metal reservations, some gifts or six amendment notions, that you could measure what you would tell?
I don't take the theft of six amendments.
Have you some private reservation when you take the oath that you will tell the whole truth that let you be the judge of what you will testify to?
The answer is there's no reservation about telling the whole truth.
Thank you, sir.
Then tell us who delivered the document to you.
The answer is no.
You will not get that information.
You wish them to put your own interpretation on your oath and tell us less than the whole truth?
Mr. Woh, I think I'm in a great place here, that neither you nor anyone else will ever get me to violate.
The confidence of the loyal people in this government will give me information about the coming of the student oaths.
I repeat, you will not get their name.
You will not get any information until all you identify them, so you or anyone else can get their job.
You can go ahead and try and do the same.
You will not get the name of any informant who rely upon me to protect them from the type of things like that.
Did you tell your informer under oath that you would never reveal his name?
Mr. Woh, you know the former informant with another life for me under oath.
You didn't tell him under oath then?
Well, that's not the silly, Mr. Woh. You know that I was under oath for an informant all over.
Right.
And when you...
Dr. Woh.
When you stepped to that chair, you went under oath there.
Is that right?
Is there any doubt in your mind that I'm under oath?
I think not there.
All right, good.
Now this man that gave it to you was an officer in the intelligence corps. Is that right?
Good is right.
And he was young.
I wouldn't give you any information that might enable you to identify him.
You testified that he was young.
If I did, then I'd have to be two thousand money.
Would you tell her where you were when you got it?
No.
Where you in Washington?
The answer was I would not tell you.
So I wouldn't give you any information to allow you to identify my informant.
How soon after...
That's from the rule of Mr. Woh.
How soon after you got it, did you show it to anyone?
I don't remember.
To whom did you first show it?
I don't recall.
Can you take up the name of anyone to whom you showed it?
Oh, I assume it's the past one to my staff, most likely.
Name the one on your staff who had it.
I wouldn't know.
You wouldn't know?
No.
What would it include Mr. Colm?
With my...
The wood one, then?
I thought my...
What would it include Mr. Car?
With my...
What would it include Mr. Colm?
It was an information from people who have been in prison for 15-20 times a day.
I don't recall a year later to just exactly which one of my very confidence and investigators I have had information on to.
Ultimately, ultimately that information was brought for the attention of my chief counsel Mr. Colm.
Right.
My chief's staff was not that we then, Mr. Car,
but they asked to proceed with the investigation of communist information at Fort Monmouth.
This was only one of the many reasons.
He's only one of the very, very many reasons.
Any other?
No, Mr. Nitson.
Don't I tell you that as a year ago I can't tell you this was handed to?
I just don't know who it was handed to.
Mr. Senator, when it was handed to you, was it put in the files of the subcommittee?
I assume it was.
Like any other paper?
Like any other one of the thousand papers.
And became a document belonging to the subcommittee.
It now belongs to the subcommittee.
So that is the subcommittee now vote that you already own the name of the man who gave it to you.
You will be bound by that vote.
I won't have to participate in action to the subcommittee.
May I raise a point of inquiry here,
but for my own information and I address this to the chair and also the council.
Would it be required a little witness, concerned with his old,
that he revealed the source of the document when he had pledged himself
to respect the confidence and not reveal the source?
You know, it is required under his old that he make a revelation of that time.
I think the chair off to do the moment and I think the advice of council also be taken on that matter
because this matter may recall again in the course of these years.
I'd be very grateful if you would.
I'd be happy to hear from council President.
Chairman.
It is elementary that the senator does not have to reveal the name of his informant.
That is one of the most elemental principles inducted in the law.
Otherwise, law enforcing officers with the so-haemstern and hamperd
has that they would never be able to fade out crime.
Iron hesitating the rule that senator McCarthy does not have to reveal the name of his informant.
That is why I did not pursue the matter further with this.
I am not a part of the matter.
I am a question of parliament.
Yes, it is both of the council and the chair.
Both the chair ruling of the council ruling suggested the chair
include all witnesses who make that sacrifice as a judge.
It depends entirely on the senator McClellan,
upon the chagged evidence,
a witness is required to give.
My point is that's to illustrate an officer of all those before a judicial body.
He strives out a search warrant, uses the basis for the confiscation of contraband that leads.
We have that down in Tennessee.
Upon the trial of the case, he is not required to give the name of his informant.
We imparted to him the information used in preparing the search warrant.
Otherwise, he would never be able to detect crime, similarly as in this case.
Senator McClellan is engaged in the character of work we all know about.
And must necessarily rely on him, as law enforcing officers,
do always in the detection of crimes.
Senator McClellan is in the vain nature of things must rely upon information that he gets.
If he were required to publicly state the name of his informant,
I'd say that the efficiency of his work would be impaired 99%.
It's a child and just one child of that.
Why do we think of that?
Are they in battle to the same point?
Senator McClellan, chair, when you know me,
it's when you have asked me a general question.
When any specific question comes up,
I think then I hope I will be able to give you an intelligent, effective measure.
I can know before the vote is over, so far, I'm ready to give you my file.
All you have to make is an idea.
I get one last word, I'm going to make a movie, and I'm going to do this case.
And then I'll do it.
I just want to determine now if one's fine or not.
If so, I'm all that's okay with me.
My answer is Senator McClellan, the five-year-old,
be permitted to speak again.
That as each individual case comes up,
they and another until they and could out possibly
give what I would consider an intelligent result.
Well, we are suggesting that each one may offer just some
of that confidential relationship of any informant.
We may add any one on the phone to my direction.
I will take the position when any Senator hung him up to getting committed.
We will not have to reveal his source of information.
Or may I get any clear? I must go out and take my sharp.
He can have mine.
And I'll give him a few years straight.
I don't want that.
I'm afraid to say to you, he unhceptically and unaccurate
of the rules that in his opinion, and this is sustained by an unbroken precedent
so far as he knows before it's cannot investigate in his memory.
The law and personal officers investigate it.
Any of those engaged in the investigative field
who come in contact with confidential information
are not required to disclose the source of their information.
The same you have been followed by the FBI and, in my opinion,
very appropriately so.
Difficult for the care to do on the hypothetical questions that are in the problem.
But I think if something analogous occurs,
we can discuss it at that time and certainly any senator
has the same rights to receive confidential information
as as a chairman of this committee.
I can relate in the same work as the chairman.
I point out to you one other thing.
I have second theory of the Army.
It's the duty of the Second Theory.
I take it to all of those right of discovered commoners
that move from out of the organization.
Then I assume that the same room with a right of him
would respect the confidential officer
that he may have in his possession.
Is there any question that would have been similar
to the circumstances of the Secretary of the Army
if engaged in similar investigating works
that have the same considerations?
The chairman of this one, President.
When the files were turned over,
the committee was just letter included in the file.
The files were turned over to Senator Martin.
The files were never physically removed as far as I know.
The files are still down the committee rooms.
Well, I'm not out of file file.
The files, anything having to do with the pressure exerted by Mr. Steve
and Mr. Allen Adams on the committee
to get us all off the hearings.
We haven't physically turned over,
but we did not physically move all of the files having to do
with commoners' infiltrations.
You know what I'm not very on?
The matter contained in the controversy
that this committee is now investigating between the Army
on the one hand and you and Mr. Call and Mr. Car.
Now, Senator Muntz does have a different space than file.
I just want to get the records clear out.
You will have a clear summary.
I know that when you refuse to read this letter,
it's impossible for you to know what's in it.
You know whether or not I'm going to finish my answer, please.
Yeah, but I'm going to finish my answer, please.
All right.
You know what?
Let me finish my answer.
It's possible for you to know whether or not
this area is upon the time date.
Insofar as the attempt to get this committee to tell a team's
office to turn, I will tell you now
this is what it does not bear upon that.
This is their report.
I remember on them letter called what you made from the FBI
to Army intelligence, setting forth the situation
at Fort Munna.
This is as far as I know and never has been trained
over to Center Munn.
It's available to Center Munn or any other Center on the committee.
As are all of the last number of documents in the committee room.
Well, you understand them.
I only purposefully asked you the question.
And if you're not, this has been served over.
I just put your knowledge in the other part of it.
Because it's the part of the particular milk file out here.
Well, I know, but I mean it was taken from the regular committee file.
Let us say.
And the material turned over to the center of the month related entirely
to the immediate controversy of the.
So we're actually in any question to the chair.
The material turned over to Center Munn was turned over by Mr. Car in a
Sealed Brown envelope which has turned over to Mr. Jenkins without the Sealed
ever having been booked.
And the material that the chairman asked for was the original of the document
which a press statement was made by Senator McCarty in response to the
range of items issued thirty four numbers by the House.
The man face under action for your information we sent a thousand orders
to give Mr. Jenkins anything that he wants from the file getting full cooperation.
I think Mr. Jenkins has stated that here the other day he has gotten 100 percent
for operation from my plan.
We haven't tried to physically move all the heavy files up on the car of the office.
We have had this original meeting with council for the Army.
We asked the Army whether all of its material and documents would be made available
to the committee.
The Army said yes and to well speaking for his clients that yes.
Council Jenkins has advised the chair privately on the committee publicly.
He has had one thousand percent cooperation on that score.
The same request was made of Mr. Cohn and Mr. Car from the Resendee for our committee.
The chair has been advised privately and the committee publicly by council Jenkins
that we have had one thousand percent cooperation from the Cohn car from the
party side of this country where he owned that score.
As far as we know neither side has deliberately was tell from the committee
any credit in the committee.
The chair sustains the point of order raised by Senator Dirkson and
council wealth will proceed in order part of our chair.
I mean, Senator, thanks to on the ruling of the chair and the council and the
opinion of Senator Dirkson, I'm highly satisfied with the decision and the ruling.
Yesterday I was trying to make a point on the investigative relationship of G2
under the National Security Council with the FBI and I would like to present to
you that the building any minutes, if not hours, have been taken in discussing
matters of an investigative character with the secretary of the Army from the
standpoint of the file of the investigation file of G2.
My point of order, Mr. Council, is that you decide that the concept of the G2
files and their relationship to the National Security Council and the federal
Bureau of Investigation are totally different from the concept of the file of
this Senate's investigating committee.
May the chair of the minority and Senator that is part of our debate by Senator Dirkson
dealt with a specific question of whether a man engaged in investigating work had
a disclosed the sources of his information.
It was on that that the chair made his rule.
May I remind the chairman that General Joseph F. Powell, the Air Force, who
was seen the copy of this with the investigator in the federal Bureau of
Investigation first lent and then given to the Air Force by Mr. J. Edgahue.
If the chair does not want to consider my point of order, then I would be glad to withdraw.
The chair would say that in the events that General Terrell has called and asked to
disclose an informant and refused to do so.
The chair would certainly sustain the point of order defending his right.
If no one else made it, the chair would make a decision.
The law will certainly hold that the chair won't take a position, which means that
an informant to this committee does not have to be told on where I have an informant
to the intelligence department for the Army or the FBI on the investigating and
advisory committee of the National Security Council, don't have to be informed on.
So General Terrell appears to witness that the chair has stated what his position will be.
It's an analogous case.
All right.
I'm not going with it.
Yes, sir.
Tomso, well, she may proceed in order.
Well, in two of the rulings, I have only one or two more questions, Senator.
In two of everything that has been said now, if I were to go to the Army files looking for
the original of a paper of which you purport to have a carbon copy, you now know I would
not find it, do you not?
You were asking whether or not you would find the original of this, the Army files?
Yes.
I don't know, you wouldn't expect me to which is Senator.
I don't know, well, you would or not.
You would find the same material.
Well, I don't think I was able to.
You would find exactly the same material.
It was testified by Council this morning that every paragraph in the letter is identical
to the documents that the military received except that the security reports on some 34 individuals
has not been included.
17 of them are roughly that.
Working at the radar laboratories, doing top secret work or other classified works, you know that.
So, let's not waste our time and you know the report is there.
I understood you said you last night you'd appoint 14 journals for 14 days to find the
reports.
If you did, if those 14 journals are a component you found not only this one if the other
reports, but you found one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven.
The eleven other FBI reports all having to do with the same subject.
You now understand, Senator, that the document that you have in your hand is an exact carbon
copy of some letter that was both sent and received.
Mr. Wolfe, I intend to question your client, Mr. Stevens, about that.
I want to know whether or not he has seen this, whether he has had any files, whether he
like you sort of stuff or ignored it.
I can't answer what is in Mr. Stevens' file.
I only ask, I can't answer a vote.
Everything's in the file.
I'm asking only as to your own understanding, Senator.
Do you understand that there should be in the Army files?
The original of a document, a carbon copy of which you claim to have in your hand.
I don't know what from the Army files you have access to them, I do not.
We've had a testifier of this document, went from the FBI, but a paragraph 1234-678 went from Jager Hoover to the military intelligence.
So if it is not in the file, someone is grossly derelict, and I intend to question your client, Mr. Stevens, about that.
By this document, you mean the 15 page document.
No, you heard what I said, I think.
I said that Mr. Wolfe has been testified on her own, Mr. Hoover has stated,
that all the paragraphs of this letter are verbatim, who are forced to be sent to the Army.
The only difference between this letter and the 15 page document is a paragraph 5, which is a apparent static explanation of why security material has not been included in this letter,
and the fact that in this letter, instead of giving all the derogatory material, nearly the names of the individuals are involved.
You can go over there again ten times if you like.
All right, I would like to go over just one more time and have you listen to the question.
Do you understand that Jager Hoover sent to the Army a document 2 and 1 for pages in length?
Yes, yes or no?
I don't know how many documents, I don't know what the other documents are.
Based up to a senator, do you understand that Jager Hoover sent to the Army a document 2 and 1 for pages in length?
The first document on January 26 is concerned, the answer is no.
Thank you, sir.
The other documents are concerned, I don't know their length.
That's all.
Is that all, sir?
The chair would like to inquire whether Sam Acraciadisire is not an interrogating himself, or one of his counsels is designed to interrogate him, but is there a current...
I have no questions.
That is the chairman.
Mr. Jenkins, have any?
No further questions, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Chairman, I want to ask myself a question, but I will give an answer to one.
I would like to explain why this document was brought to this committee.
It was brought to the original air and I used it in the refreshing Mr. Stevens' recollection.
I consider it a tremendous importance.
Now that the authenticity of it has been established, so this is a verbatim copy.
A verbatim copy from the 15 page report to the utility committee and the equalist country that extends to which.
The FBI has done a usual outstanding job.
Tried to get action must come into the reports.
And the usual discouraging results.
No action.
Nothing until a congressional committee has had to cover.
Running for the list, Jim.
Run number 12.
All 14.
The agenda is to my right.
From the decadent, father, voice act, Jackson, Simonton.
Mr. Wilkins included.
You included Mr. Collins?
Yes, sir.
From the McCarthy, you may step down and be temporarily unswarned.
And next witness will be Mr. Stevens.
Thank you.